= ActiveResource Cache Rails Plugin

Web services are great, but they also slow down your apps. Your users make a 
request to your application, which causes your app to make a request to a remote 
application. The remote application then has to process the request, marshal the 
request into either XML or JSON, send it over the wire where your app is waiting 
to un-marshal that data back into a usable object.

ActiveResource Cache allows you to cache the responses returned from your 
ActiveResources for any specified amount of time. Short cache durations are 
ideal for pages that load the same remote objects over and over while
longer cache durations are ideal for creating a temporary mirror of your remote 
resource. Either way, the performance benefits are immense.

The local cache utilizes the same cache store as specified by your Rails app. So 
if you already have your app configured to use something like memcached, this 
plugin will also use that.

== Configuration

The default cache duration is one minute. To tweak this, create an initializer 
and add the following line:

  ActiveResource::Connection.cache_duration = 3.hours

== Requirements

This plugin has currently only been tested on Rails 2.3.

== Testing

=== Run the tests

  rake spec

=== Gem requirements

* Rails 2.3.x
* RSpec 2.4.0
* Fakeweb 1.3.0

== Authors

* {Chris Cherry}[http://github.com/ctcherry]
* {Mauricio Gomes}[http://github.com/mgomes]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Gemini SBS. See LICENSE for details.